<!--
@Author: Guan Gui <guiguan>
@Date:   2016-01-20T08:29:50+08:00
@Email:  root@guiguan.net
@Last modified by:   guiguan
@Last modified time: 2016-05-13T14:10:22+10:00
-->
## 1.9.0
* Added support for Django Python language
* Added `Enable/Disable Auto Update` in context menu for sake of convenience
* Added support for Verilog
* Added support for Lua
* Added support for nginx config files

## 1.8.3
* Fixed an issue that caused crash when saving a new file while trying to add file header

## 1.8.2
* Added support for Rust sources
* Updated introduction animated-gif

## 1.8.1
* Added support for ARM sources. Refer to `language-arm` by dan-c-underwood for details.

## 1.8.0
* Added option to specify custom Moment.js date time format string for date times in file header

## 1.7.0
* Added option that defaults to use file creation time instead of file header creation time for `{{create_time}}`

## 1.6.0
* Added project name and license fields

## 1.5.0
* Added support for jsx files (both Coffeescript and Javascript)

## 1.4.0
* Added support for language scoped config. Thanks to [Paulloz](https://github.com/guiguan/file-header/pull/6).
* Added option to specify number of empty lines should be kept after new header.

## 1.3.0
* Added option to ignore cases in template fields so that templates with uppercases from Sublime are  compatible too
* Added option to set a list of ignore list for auto update and adding header
* Added support for Haskell

## 1.2.0
* Added support for Matlab. [language-matlab](https://atom.io/packages/language-matlab) must be installed first.
* Added option for automatically adding header for new files.

## 1.1.0
* Changed default key mapping to <kbd>shift-cmd-H</kbd>.

## 1.0.0 - First Release
* Backward compatible with file headers generated by File Header in Sublime
* User can define their real name, username, email, and customised template info
* Only source file that does not contain any field provided in corresponding template will be able to add a new header
* Only source file with existing last modified by field or last modified time field will be updated
* User can define their own field names in template before placeholders. Again, adding or updating qualification is checked according to field names defined in templates.
